Capricorn it is.
The Capricorn is not yet completed.
So it was inventory, so.
The inventory two major tests was shown
like customer account and the buyer
inventory.
So for customer account maintenance,
this was a screen like everywhere it is
mentioned customer account but the name
here authorization to post.
Then.
The header remains the same.
The TSP.
This is auto generated.
We define the beginning of the accounting
method and of the accounting month.
We create.
The detail for the contact like for the
customer account.
Which contract?
In which the.
Inventory pick.
Whatever the activity is present for that
contract for that customer,
according to that contract.
So if other than this primary contract,
some of the.
Another secondary contracts are there
which we can add in this contract.
Is that contact order that's come
automatically when we select the primary
contact contact, then the balance field.
So balance field here it shows the
monthly monthly basis.
The received and the delivery field and
in activity it shows on the date wise
like for each date which activity has
happened like how much gas has been
delivered or received.
And I didn't understand the authorization
to post imbalance.
Like,
where do we use this like you fixed that?
Is that good?
Customer account summary was used to view
the overall for that customer for the
business party.
Like what are the sort of contents are
there so on monthly basis for a single
business subscription,
we can view all year and a single screen.
So customer account somebody was there.
Go to authorize.
You know, this is to specify that.
From which date the authorization will be
effective?
OK.
Mr. Chinto junior would be.
So it should be like.
A contract to to effective date of.
Service relation I think.
Yes,
means whenever we create our contract now,
our contract automatically get tied to
this authorization to post imbalance.
While running the batch process,
you can see that authorization batch
process are also executed.
So.
Back.
Uh, Vaishnavi, if you are talking,
your voice is getting break.
Yep.
OK.
Yeah, go ahead. So just that's it.
If we if we create a contract now,
so it it will be automatically tied up to
the authorization to post imbalance
screen.
OK.
ESPN entry.
You were talking about customer account.
Yeah, customer account summary was.
Based on the BA,
the whole monthly basis separately would
be given as single screen.
Yes.
Mr.
Storage account activity.
So here like this 3 slide.
I will tell you what I understand.
I'm not sure that that is correct or not.
So here it mentioned like the storage
injection transfer to A to the 864
location.
So the storage allocation remains the
same so.
Because of the like,
this would be the loss right for 100 so.
Because the delivery is gross,
so that hundred would not be reflected
yet.
So the balance shown is 0.
So which is not correct.
So now they've done this key for that 8X
reward, it is not allocated.
Allocated.
So now the balance is of 1900.
So now the storage part gives the
nomination to 861,
but it does not deliver that.
So here it is plus 1900.
So like,
is this a way of dealing with the
location which are not allocated?
Pizza storage.
Yeah, because of the normal normal, yes.
So.
Makeup and payback is like if they've
taken more than the receipt,
then they're to give back to the pipeline.
Payback is, if they're not taken,
then what they're received so they can
take more from the pipeline.
So.
This is makeup and payback and one thing
they mentioned here is why they don't
prefer cache in cash out is if the
imbalance is above like 5% or 10%,
it's generally cost.
Loss to the party.
So they try to balance their emerald
using the field read only instead of CSU.
So here is the ibws is the website I
guess on which all the inventory are
available.
So they look for the party which where
they can settle down their trades.
Have you discovered I could have used it?
I don't know.
Imbalanced trading.
So it is present in the.
Class application.
It's so embarrassing. Yeah, no.
You know what?
Cortana.
Yeah, so in this.
The.
In this add just one note like.
What I've seen in the was like the person
who is filling this form will fill the
his information the what is the contract
and what is the balance?
Accordingly,
he will fill information and he will.
He will just put the.
Confirming Trader name on that.
Just the starting date.
The contact details is filled by the
confirming party.
But how do they communicate like I'm
feeling on like I'm feeling for your?
That business third party and how do they
get?
So I'm not sure,
but when you fill this imbalanced trading
form, it's impending status.
Then you have to confirm it.
So there is a process again for
confirmation.
Not for.
Not a batch process.
Like my question is like if you look on
the website that he could deal with that
OK.
party like there's invalid there.
So if it says detail but any so he would
get notified on what like?
There is a party where applied for a
trade with you for this imbalance.
Or like how do they 2 two parties
communicate that they're feeling this?
They feel this one together, right?
So how do they communicate like?
Touch.
OK.
I'm not sure but.
I can give some details to the the.
We can cause this to come here.
Thank you, Lord.
Oh no,
I'm also not aware of this means I also
don't have much information latencies,
so we can ask this to Shravanti.
Like everything was like to fill out.
The paper details and then the contract
is there,
and then similarly for the confirmed
party. And then we can submit this form.
Yes.
Can you summary his phone status isn't
friendly?
4.
You have to confirm it.
Like after the confirming party that's
confirmed it comes back to us.
I'm here to try this imbalance and
billing process.
I'm currently going through that for
capacity,
capacity release and after that I will
try for this.
OK, regarding this, there is one test.
Can I?
So I'll search and will share with you so
that we'll give the better understanding
for this one.
OK.
Yeah.
I guess the system.
Balance validation.
Some nomination or notifications.
OK,
so the 10 coming back and get notified.
Yeah, I think so.
I'm not sure but last time I worked in
the I thought so it can.
Be like I also thought that they might
get notified for.
The confirming parties gets notified when
an imbalance in pending state is get
That.
added.
OK.
Yeah, they get a notification for that,
but.
Before filling their form,
they would have other communication like
they don't go and fill out for the.
They might have validations for
verification like they're using the
correct data and then get more than maybe.
No, like they could be more parties there,
no.
So if a person is filling this form for
one confirming party,
so how do they do like personally they
would.
Communicate and then they would fill out
the formal or fill filling out the form
for more than one party.
And if someone gets someone accepts it,
then that's what. Confirm it like that.
It's only 25.
Play music.
Yeah, but.
Maybe, maybe shrug and say, oh,
it's like Abhishek is in office today.
Maybe.
Maybe she'll have taken all this else.
You can reach out to.
In office.
Yes, that's it.
My.
So storage transfer maintenance from it
will also same thing.
Like the other party,
details are filled here and the storage.
The transfer quantities decide and.
The that ship is like.
Storage between those parties,
so the storage get transferred to the
another party confirming party.
Your maintenance good.
That's OK, great.
It is not that.
I guess this is in the cloud sync,
so there is also one more field.
So whatever the form we have submitted
here.
In like in a single screen we can see
multiple form for this storage and.
Like in a signal screen,
we can see multiple form for this storage
and.
Doing this summary field for more than
one month and we've seen in the.
This was I understood from this was that.
It was used to transfer the imbalance.
Maybe I have to take a make a take
deliveries of 2000 so I can transfer that
to another party using inventory.
Stupid.
Inventory.
So.
We are like the accounting Monday it is
mentioned and.
Both the parties name is their services
there so that contacts for this.
This party gets transferred to the other
parties contact and the quantity and the
adjustment is we can change.
So.
This is why we are inventory adjustment.
So if you transfer from one contact to
another contact,
you will see here the positive and you
will be there but.
Your value is cut down from this location
and it is given to one of them.
So for this location you will see a
negative value in brackets.
OK.
For that same record,
whenever you see a value.
Directions to sandy, Ontario.
In quantity in bracket,
it is a -1 means it is given to someone
else.
And this also reflects in the inverse,
so for the.
Even this data is reflected in
authorization to post imbalance screen.
Yeah.
So.
So I'm sharing one of the test case which
is related to the inventory.
So we'll go through it once you are done.
OK.
Your voice is getting back.
Yeah, I was not reading it.
So for the this is the timeline sheet.
So for the previous production month in
the next like in the production month
after the the accounting will be there.
Then that accounting month,
there is a 5 days work days window to
train for the imbalances and that could
be reflected in that particular month's
balance and also so the invoice created
that.
To otherwise,
if these are not done in that period,
then it would run the CXO processes for
that imbalances.
Another is PPA like PPA CS0.
So for that,
we wait for two months like it said
two-month period.
So after the production month,
the next month and another next month for
that, so.
That another one they give the priority
imbalance rating window for that.
And if they didn't settle it there,
then they get the cache and cache
activated here.
Otherwise,
we there is one more process of monthly
inventory.
So we can increase that invariance window
for more than two months.
So this was again shown like why they
don't want cico because they don't get
the price of their fuel that they're
given.
This was.
Yes. Similarly,
if they have taken from the pipelines and
they have to give the cash and if the
pipeline,
if the pipeline is taken more gas and not
delivered that much.
So pipeline has to cash out.
Otherwise they have to pay the pipeline.
Speech.
Please.
These were the words.
So first thing I didn't understand about
was the inventory quantity codes.
Like somewhere it has returned like the
bucket of Git that need to be tracked.
So and another, they have returned it.
The pipeline inventory tree,
spreading bugs are there.
So and image there should.
Here they're showing this is the quantity
code.
And there was a that is the buckets of
food that is being.
That which?
Like here they have shown that this is a
group in that group.
This is a subgroup and the every element
of that subgroup are quantity codes,
but so.
On the team codes are like packing
separate guest day, particular day.
And three is summarizing if having some
groups and like whatever you can see it's
all summarized there.
For, that's my understanding.
So what does that mean?
The quantity codes are the bucket of gas
that need to be tracked separately.
Pause that thought.
It is something related to the
measurement unit,
but then the image confused me like is
the.
Yes.
This line and this.
I think I'm not sure this tree or diagram
if we refer we can I think see this
similar in the I think PDF submission
screen.
PDF submission screen or?
Um.
There is one more screen on that we can
see the diagrams.
I think we can mention I think ATT IDs
also.
I think in video submission screen only.
Yes, yes, yes.
Well, for this inventory quantity rules,
so they mentioned multiple like each to
group.
Like I didn't remember like.
Like for every attribute they have
mentioned some of the rule criteria like
builder criteria.
So they've mentioned that, yeah,
like location attribute.
There's a field that has to be checked if
the location has to be.
To be not.
So yeah, they've mentioned multiple rules.
They are not remembering it.
Everything they do.
To hear their mentioned all the rules in
summary.
Like every rule,
their description and what are the basis?
Gets affected.
Read this one but.
Like I guess it would be required in some
specific.
Not sure too much about this then.
Then groups are quantity 4.
OK so.
The from the inventory compared is shown
in the inventory adjustment period only,
so it is available in this screen only.
This favorite take on bread.
So when screening the the classic
application where we can use to see the
monthly,
monthly basis records of monthly data for
the.
So these are the reports.
It's not inventory it.
TSV milling configuration.
This is the plastic.
So this was used for the setup for the.
2nd.
Configuration.
So it is again the setups screen and most
of the things.
The real effective date.
That is date range.
You know this open-ended date is 9000.
So.
So the configuration setting that we're
talking and the building details like it
is in dollar and bookings are in detail
and invoice is done.
So it is delivered to the main.
This is the payment type option.
Mostly we use this payment option for.
Yes,
this is configuration settings and these
were the other document that needs to be
included in the invoice.
For each and every contract like we can
add it here and based on that we can
generate what other documents would be
involved in the invoice and who whom we
want that copies to be sent.
So when the original copy would be sent
to, I guess the agent and other,
we can send copies to different people
also.
You're gonna end the contracts here,
the DNA and the investor,
he gets generated.
For every contact you can have in your
inbox right in contact.
Screen there is an invoices tab as well,
so you can see there as well that to
which invoices your contact is added.
Otherwise,
you can if it's not added to any invoices
inventory.
You can add.
It from here also.
There always needs to be at least one
record in that copies app, OK.
There should be at least 21 where you get
the original copy here.
Original copy. Copy.
There should always.
And move maintenance and invoice
maintenance.
Yes.
So.
So for the invoice maintenance screen.
So there we create invoice ID.
Sorry.
Hear.
I will go.
Please, I'm begging you.
Where is the original copy of the.
Copy of that invoice.
This was the message where this was also.
Not in.
Yeah, yeah.
Where we can just add a message.
The difference between the process and
the report so.
Report was like can we run for any month
past or present so it would generate the
report for that but the process would be
done.
Generate for the current accounting
method, maybe for the future or.
Not from the past, but.
Final word and it would calculate all the
charges here.
So this was shown like what are the
mandatory field for the process and for
the report.
Open diary processes.
BLINDGEN.
About.
OK.
This.
Yeah, there's a debatch process.
Where the table we should mention
regarding the case.
So this is mentioned this match.
Yeah, yeah.
I've gone through the like gotcha.
There's without.
Yeah, this was for the invoice.
This 5 fields like the headers contract.
Contact details.
For.
Different field we have to fill out the
details so to generate the invoice for
the for that for that BA by the details
and we can.
Prior period I just went.
Be clear.
So.
It's gets triggered the reallocation and
PPA generally get triggered.
So by two or three screens,
like by the contract and the pipeline
admin and in the PPA event maintenance,
we can view.
Even from that reverse source where that?
The PPS created and the data's changed.
And the type of service and what are the
things?
So it is done for the previous accounting
month?
To change their.
And the reallocation is also done
accordingly and whenever the PP is
created one of the batch process
mentioned.
One more than one batch process also gets.
Loads so to collect the data throughout
the like maybe in allocation or in
invoice 2-3 basis.
It has shown that the batch process is.
So this was if the PPA it does not
matches with the current records the new
record.
So it if any in any other the case the
previous not match so it creates the
restatement and the create version for
the old one.
General entrance diet of charge of
maintenance was again in a classic
application screen where things needed
for the type of different type of charge.
What are the attributes should be added?
Rules should be added.
In the type of service.
OK please.
Let's begin seeing this field according
to the need of.
The TSB we have POS for it.
I saw this.
Yes, we can add that.
That type of charges you have created a
year will be visible.
The rate will screen whenever you are
trying to create a new IT.
You will have to select.
So this will I didn't understand chart of
accounts intents.
Like, where do we use it? And.
But didn't understand what this was used
for.
Should I have a meeting on this screen?
Speech.
Is that the PPT would?
Most of all these things are related to
the billing or finance related things.
But I did exactly understand like where
exactly this screen would be required or
used.
So like if something comes up related to
this,
I didn't understand where the screen
would be used.
If I need the accounts in the financial
system,
even a transaction should be booked to
including invoice like items,
customer account balances or pipeline
inventory balances.
Each entry in the chart of accounts must
specify an account and an offset account,
which ensures that debits and credits are
always created.
Some financial assistance.
Taking the data.
Safety.
The reason that I give you the questions.
You can see it's mentioned a chart of.
Initial strength configurations and
obtained only when the target departments
are changed.
What this only chart accounts.
There's some accounting there,
so we get add that here to relate to this
like we can create a relation between the
server and I didn't understand the
meaning so.
I skipped this also.
So these were the building reports
traditionally.
They're not completed the capacity
release.
Should I go or?
Should I go?
In the offers week.
Then offer awards.
You can give it together, yeah.
It's a floor, so it would be better for.
Read it.
Thanks for being.
Yes.
Yeah, try the first screen read in.
Remind me.
The award is remaining and after that I
will try the invoicing invitation.
Maybe we can have.
It all together and get an extension.